---
layout: home
title: Home
---
## CHAPTER I. 
### Of Sigi, the Son of Odin.

Here begins the tale, and tells of a man who was named Sigi, and called of
men the son of Odin; another man withal is told of in the tale, hight
Skadi, a great man and mighty of his hands; yet was Sigi the mightier and
the higher of kin, according to the speech of men of that time. Now Skadi
had a thrall with whom the story must deal somewhat, Bredi by name, who
was called after that work which he had to do; in prowess and might of
hand he was equal to men who were held more worthy, yea, and better than
some thereof.

Now it is to be told that, on a time, Sigi fared to the hunting of the
evening; and when they gathered together their prey in the evening, lo,
greater and more by far was that which Bredi had slain than Sigi's prey;
and this thing he much misliked, and he said that great wonder it was that
a very thrall should out-do him in the hunting of deer: so he fell on him
and slew him, and buried the body of him thereafter in a snow-drift.

Then he went home at evening tide and says that Bredi had ridden away from
him into the wild-wood. "Soon was he out of my sight," he says, "and
naught more I wot of him."

Skadi misdoubted the tale of Sigi, and deemed that this was a guile of
his, and that he would have slain Bredi. So he sent men to seek for him,
and to such an end came their seeking, that they found him in a certain
snow-drift; then said Skadi, that men should call that snow-drift Bredi's
Drift from henceforth; and thereafter have folk followed, so that in such
wise they call every drift that is right great.

Thus it is well seen that Sigi has slain the thrall and murdered him; so
he is given forth to be a wolf in holy places[^1], and may no more abide
in the land with his father; therewith Odin bare him fellowship from the
land, so long a way, that right long it was, and made no stay till he
brought him to certain war-ships. So Sigi falls to lying out a-warring
with the strength that his father gave him or ever they parted; and happy
was he in his warring, and ever prevailed, till he brought it about that
he won by his wars land and lordship at the last; and thereupon he took to
him a noble wife, and became a great and mighty king, and ruled over the
land of the Huns, and was the greatest of warriors. He had a son by his
wife, who was called Refir, who grew up in his father's house, and soon
became great of growth, and shapely.

[^1]: "Wolf in holy places," a man put out of the pale of society for crimes, an outlaw.




[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[Exocore Installation Instructions|no code instructions]: <_articles/Exocore Installation Instructions> "Exocore Installation Instructions"
[Writing with Exocore Syntax|here]: <_articles/Writing with Exocore Syntax> "Writing with Exocore Syntax"
[Using your Exocore#Using Metadata|metadata section]: <_articles/Using your Exocore> "Using your Exocore"
[Exocore Installation Instructions#1. Deploy your own Exocore to the Web|here]: <_articles/Exocore Installation Instructions> "Exocore Installation Instructions"
[Writing with Exocore Syntax]: <_articles/Writing with Exocore Syntax> "Writing with Exocore Syntax"
[Exocore Installation Instructions#Create Github Account|documentation]: <_articles/Exocore Installation Instructions> "Exocore Installation Instructions"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"